Update enterprise-grade-logging-content.md (#3720)
MicrosoftDocs/architecture-center: docs/reference-architectures/logging/enterprise-grade-logging-content.md

### Alternatives

> - The Application Insights and Log Analytics features of [Azure Monitor](/azure/azure-monitor) can do end-to-end tracing and troubleshooting. These features use Azure Data Explorer behind the scenes. Azure Monitor has capabilities and benefits that are similar to the current architecture, but consolidating multiple applications into a single workspace is a challenge in Azure Monitor. [Workspace-based Application Insights](/azure/azure-monitor/app/create-workspace-resource) provides a capability to centralize logs from Application Insights into a common Log Analytics workspace. Azure Monitor allows custom logs to be ingested and data format to be extended for these custom logs. There are two different pitfalls with this alternate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Application Insights and Log Analytics features of [Azure Monitor](/azure/azure-monitor) can do end-to-end tracing and troubleshooting. These features use Azure Data Explorer behind the scenes. Azure Monitor has capabilities and benefits that are similar to the current architecture, but consolidating multiple applications into a single workspace is a challenge in Azure Monitor. [Workspace-based Application Insights](/azure/azure-monitor/app/create-workspace-resource) provides a capability to centralize logs from Application Insights into a common Log Analytics workspace. Azure Monitor allows custom logs to be ingested and data format to be extended for these custom logs. There are two different tradeoffs with this alternative:
```

  - Custom logs will be ingested to different tables than original tables. `trackEvent()` for custom logs will be stored in `customEvents` table whereas original events will be stored in `Events` table. 

>   - Developers can extend table schema for custom tables as needed which is a feature of Azure Monitor. Without a strict governance model, table schema can become complicated over time. With the help this reference architecture, you can introduce your own governance model whereas you can still benefit from [Workspace-based Application Insights](/azure/azure-monitor/app/create-workspace-resource) capabilities by running cross cluster queries. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Developers can extend table schema for custom tables as needed which is a feature of Azure Monitor. Without a strict governance model, table schema can become complicated over time. With the guidance from this architecture, you can introduce your own governance model and still benefit from [Workspace-based Application Insights](/azure/azure-monitor/app/create-workspace-resource) capabilities by running cross-cluster queries.
```
